not yet hey guys so I'm just making some
retail today and with my little friend
again hello first of all you want to
blow some rides so here we just got some
rice boiling and then we want to fry
some red onion and we're just frying
that in water until it's nice and soft
over here we have chopped red pepper we
interrupt some iceberg lettuce we also
chopping some yellow pepper just here
and we've also made this book emoni
which tomatoes and avocado all chopped
done watch me in that i'm also going to
add some lemonade there are 40 around
and you've got some tortilla chips as I
deserve it so now we can add our chopped
tomatoes into the walk along with an
onion
yeah and now if you pour a little bit of
water in there and then we can rinse out
the rest as we want areas and pour it in
the Wapiti so now we just want to bubble
that down alright so once the rice is
nice and so we just want to strain it
and then just try to put it in a bowl so
now we just pour in our cumin
quality he got these put them in a limbo
chop the last what
now just a doll sweet cool right so now
we can add about half of the pepper
dishes yeah definitely nice very there
engage engage the lemon juice Tribeca
meaning what you Tandy is if you snap
the lemon with the knife stop yeah it's
a bit in there just like there's not
again then it's a booster yeah I'll see
ya know tips my stop against them again
there are funky peppers you found within
the peppers now just kick it into it oh
so so here's our rice nicely cooked so
now we've got a lovely display of
burrito ingredients God yellow pepper
tomato tortilla just rice and lettuce so
now we're going to make here
the right into a tea around
it's get sadistic yeah
the key yeah
getting better but it's so nice it's
really powerful with meaning and then
open merely
okay I don't make it to bag just in case
it doesn't work ok so now this is the
amount of tre ok so what you're supposed
to do is kind of like fold it in my bed
and then wrap a favor
first attempt his first ever attempt in
my lifetime yeah
because you fold in the yeah
kind of like yeah yeah and then you can
pass it like this then ah that looks
really nice okay my ebook now we can all
go oh so now just display it with some
of your tortilla chips oh I forgot to
put letters in it yeah I guess notice oh
wow Nick again
I think I made it to
Oh looking good oh it would Oh
professional that every 90 days I love
how to are you okay 39 right now
it's time to try it
ready
that's amazing it is pretty warm through
the right very good thumbs up thumbs up
around thumbs up thank you for watching
everyone thumbs up you liked it and
click Subscribe we have ready and I was
the next time